            ===     This journal will describe and document the entire journey during the 365 days of code :)   ===

December 31st 2022 | Sat |
--------------------------
Creation of this repository organized in classic corporate Quarters. I've already written down my goals for January and hope I will achieve as much as I can of them. My goal is to achieve everything in that list, but given the fact that life always changes, I will be satisfied with a 80-90% completion grade.

I wish me and my beautiful girlfriend, Teo, the best and hope this year, 2023 will be a productive, lovely and insane year. :)


January 1st 2023 | Sun |
------------------------
Didn't really code much. I picked a new theme for VSCode and resolve some issues regarding a CSS linkage to HMTL. I will start learning more from the CSS Udemy Course I bought tomorrow. Hope I will learn as much as I can. I also picked the materials I need for upcoming Uni projects that I really need to work on. 
Tried out a web hosting service for the first time. Doesn't seem like much, cuz has its own FTP service and didn't really need to use external software.
Hope I will master the 2 sections I set up this week. Will try my best to master CSS for as much as I can at the very least 1 hour/day.
My goal for this vacay week is to study it for 3-4 hours daily.


January 2nd 2023 | Mon |
------------------------
Learned quite a bit of information. Today was all about the Box Model, how it works, what features does it have and how does it presents. Learned quite a bit about width, height, block, inline, inline-block display, margin, padding and so on. Quite a bit of information to remember and understand, but I'm sure I'll be better as time goes on and practice as much as I can.
I really want to get comfortable understanding and using the box model, so for this week I will practice it and revisit my notes as much as I can. 
I really want to do it though for around 3-4 hours, I think it will be enough to understand and work out the box model.
I want to improve my styling as well as writing good code. Want to improve styling as well improve learning.
And also I have to start working on uni projects and gather data and information.
I had some doubt moments regarding some issues I didn't really understand at first. I'm sure this is fine, don't think there's anybody that actually understood anything from the start, without trying. 
    I'm sure will try :)

January 3rd 2023 | Tue |
------------------------
Didn't really code a bit, if i'm honest. Focused on family and personal stuff. My girlfriend leaves tomorrow, so I want to go there. Will keep my promise from tomorrow and exercise the box model as much as I can.

January 4th 2023 | Wed |
------------------------
Didn't code quite a lot because I helped my family prepare for an important event. Doing some physical activity really is going to help me. I also adjusted my schedule and studying time for each goal and task I have in mind, since studying for 4 hours daily the box model isn't really going to do me any favour, because I will get bored easily.
Starting tomorrow, I will dedicate myself to around 2 hours this week of studying CSS, and implementing a good old morning walk to boost my morale and mood.
See you tomorrow, future developer :).

January 5th 2023 | Thu |
------------------------
Today was all about cleaning and running to the post office for parcels. Recorder a lot for my Tiktok and YouTube career, didn't really had lots of willpower to code and practice.
Am I a bit dissapointed in myself? Sorta. I'm just trying to really profit the most out of what vacay I have remaining.

January 6th 2023 | Fri |
------------------------
Speaking of what I did yesterday, today was all about learning to cook and relax. Tomorrow I will really need to get into the habit of doing morning walks. I just cannot figure it out for now.
Also, gotta finish before 4-5 pm because my girlfriend gets at the campus so I want to spend some valuable time with her.
See you tomorrow, future front end engineer :). Hope the remaining of the week will stay strong and focused.

Be curious, not furious!
Just DO IT!

January 7th 2023 | Sat |
------------------------
Today I practiced the box model and how it works, using a quick little practice project which included different types of properties of the box model. I understood what border, margin, padding and content-area is, what box-sizing > border/content-box really means. It really isn't that difficult to understand in a broad high-level concept, however I will know that in the coming projects it will really teach me how to layout things.
I can't wait to go see my girlfriend and talk to her about this stuff. Today I will do some OpenGL Lab because I really need it to understand how light works in OpenGL with different types of projection.

Also, today was the first time I implemented a nice ~45-ish minute morning walk. Cold outside, but pretty nice considering I had a warm cup of Black Tea at the end.

See you tomorrow with a productive day, future developer :)/